so right now we want to talk about your
approach to the stores and how the
fortune is in the follow up okay I just
was reading recently an article actually
with a while ago probably now but it was
about how like 68 or 78 percent of sales
are lost due to lack of follow-up what a
lot of us feel and I know I started with
this myself for years and sometimes I
still fall back into this pattern is I
don't want to bug them if they were
interested they would have called me
right now know why though here's the
thing everybody is so busy and until you
hear the answer no you don't know if
they've had a chance to look at it you
don't know what's going on and somebody
else is like they're having a family
situation that employee just quit if
they're you know who knows they're in
Europe right now just because you didn't
hear that doesn't mean that
like it it probably isn't been too busy
look at it and if you feel if you really
feel like like for instance do you feel
you're primed to be useful and a value
to people yeah do you think so
yeah do you think they feel good wearing
that you would enhance their lives right
so then why would you feel like you are
doing somebody actually a little bit of
a favor to share what you do with them
and if you look at it like that other
than like I want to sell some stuff I
need to pay the rent it's going to go
over a lot better and if you approach it
with date with the era of like hey I
have something that I actually serve
your customers well you know would you
like to talk about that feels a lot
better than oh my god
you know because I know and if it's not
a good fit it's fine no harm no foul you
try really hard not to take it
personally
but so the key is in the follow so you
have your top ten stores sheet right and
this came from the hotel boutiques
program everybody got it back all right
so I'm here what I want you to do is to
then extend this out and I want you to
say okay I have my name's you start with
tenor
she's starting with 20 and nice job
saying the postcards are by the way love
it but okay so you stand your list of
stores you don't have a hundred stores
on your list too much so you have like
ten stores 20 stores whatever you want
to do this is the guideline not a rule
you do it is comfortable for you you set
up something in the mail you're going to
follow with a phone call but there's no
way you're going to remember who you
call when and you don't want to not have
followed somebody because you just
forget so you need to be like you know
old school like us like you're it's just
a Salesman you're selling insurance
you're selling something right and you
have a to go file and you have date that
you first step in something and what it
was probably it's probably saying for
everybody just so you check right
and then you have a date you call and
what happened and then you have the next
foul and what happened then you have a
next follow-up in what happened and it
doesn't have to be a beautiful sheet
this is just an internal form guys okay
so don't make it fancy but put like let
call no answer just leave a message left
a message and just do this batch the
time you're going to follow up okay so
don't sit there be like I'll just
probably three shorts right now
everybody's nervous to call everybody's
nervous to follow up right so go through
those feelings of eggs that you have one
time and do all twenty one time okay
remember I think we talked about that
last week go through those rituals of
nervousness those I got to get my coffee
those I'm practicing my script whatever
you're going to do one time and then
just pound it out and then you're done
okay leave a message to do whatever you
wait to see what happens and then you
have your schedule so d0 you send
something day seven you do this day 14
you do this
to set the schedule so you just know and
you don't have to think and set your
schedule now okay and then here's thing
if you call somebody three or four times
be sure to ask them what's the best way
to get a hold of somebody don't stop
calling because you feel shy or
embarrassed just just don't trust me on
this when I had my store there were
people who included them like seven
eight nine times before they reach me
and if I thought the line was not you
know pletely out of whack that didn't
bother me because they had a decent
collection if you're calling a store
that has nothing to do with what you
have you know obviously you're not doing
that here
you're you have something of value they
can share that value with their
customers
my Navy said I have some cell you have
something to buy let's do some business
so try to approach it from that
standpoint of only that I want to share
my product with
okay so questions
right